Today yet another day we have a visit to the hospital, and today yet another
pack people indeed! At the mopd (yes, today I just find out mopd actually stand
for Medical OutPatient Department) pharmacy, oh my gosh, the people queue from
over the counter until at the payment counter. It was a good timing since this
time I can actually queue like 5minutes to just submit the pill form. The
sliding top down electric door somehow malfunction and initially when I reach
there, I thought it was closed for today. But they fix it afterward, which is
really nice. 

At the nephrology department, met a lady doctor, Dr J today. We were surprised 
boy oh boy to find out an important metric creatinine which normally is numeric
figure but this time label as 'no reagent'. I asked her what does that means,
she said we did not measure. I asked her why, she said government did not give
budget. I was like what the fuck... for your information, for a chronic kidney
disease patient, creatinine is one of important metric to evaluate patient's
kidney health level. If that is not measure, so how should the doctor can give
better diagnosis. 

Well, I just want to say, medication and health care is very vital for human
well being. Taking budget off from the hospital will only result doctor cannot
perform their job effciently. When they cannot do their job properly, how does
that give correct diagnosis to a mass patients? This will definitely increase
mortality rate here in malaysia. Call out for all the crooks politician, enough
with the corruption, if you cannot be a good politician, at least be someone
that is curteous and loving the people. If you depleted all the country
resources for your personal gain instead of the public use, may one day the shit
day will fall upon you all.


